Editorial review of updated PGD4PK content (#5474)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/1/before_you_start.mdx

---
title: 'Before you start'
originalFilePath: 'src/before_you_start.md'
---

Before you get started, it's essential that you become familiar with some terminology that's
specific to Kubernetes and PGD.

## Kubernetes terminology

[Node](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/)
: A *node* is a worker machine in Kubernetes, either virtual or physical, where
  all services necessary to run pods are managed by the control plane nodes.

[Pod](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod/)
: A *pod* is the smallest computing unit that can be deployed in a Kubernetes
  cluster and is composed of one or more containers that share network and
  storage.

[Service](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/)
: A *service* is an abstraction that exposes as a network service an
  application that runs on a group of pods and standardizes important features,
  such as service discovery across applications, load balancing, and failover.

[Secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/)
: A *secret* is an object that's designed to store small amounts of sensitive

>   data, such as passwords, access keys, or tokens, and use them in pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  data, such as passwords, access keys, or tokens, and uses them in pods.
```
I am assuming the subject here is the secret?

Reviewer 2: Neither of these is quite accurate; a secret doesn't itself use anything, rather it is available for use. And while secrets could be used for data exchange, there's no particular requirement that any pod be able to update them. I'm gonna suggest 

```suggestion
  data, such as passwords, access keys, or tokens, for use within pods.
```

...as I think that's a definition that's accurate enough for the purposes of configuring PG4K-PGD (which is our goal here) - we link to the full docs for folks who want a more rigorous definition!

  specific resources and individuals.

[CRD](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/)
: A *custom resource definition* (CRD) is an extension of the Kubernetes API
  and allows developers to create new data types and objects, *called custom
  resources*.

[Operator](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/)
: An *operator* is a Kubernetes software extension that automates those steps
  that are normally performed by a human operator when managing one or more
  applications or given services. An operator assists Kubernetes in making sure
  that the resource's defined state always matches the observed one.

[`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/)
: `kubectl` is the command-line tool used to manage a Kubernetes cluster.

EDB Postgres Distributed for Kubernetes requires a Kubernetes version supported by the community. See
[Supported releases](https://www.enterprisedb.com/resources/platform-compatibility#pgdk8s) for details.

## PGD terminology

For more information, see
[Terminology](/pgd/latest/terminology/) in the PGD documentation.

> [Node](/pgd/latest/terminology/#node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Data node](/pgd/latest/terminology/#node)
```
Discussed this change with @jsilvela today, so it is less ambiguous.
